I'm here with the beautiful Jim yes okay
and your Twitter is makeup by Jin
correct absolutely it's love Jen makeup
love Jim makeup I know what something
like that I'm sorry I apologize please
forgive me please forgive me I know that
you've done a lot of beautiful models
makeup you're beautiful yourself but
please list the models that you've done
Wow don't get mad at her this was a
couple I've worked with I'm Shaniqua
Adams I've worked with honey eyes desana
it's so many oh okay what about work
like like cover work have you done any
of that or you know just regular you
know just magazine work what who well
magazines straight stuntin as is black
men's Sam is it's so many so many okay I
understand you know um what do you feel
about the Myrtle of the urban model of
words I mean I feel like a couple of
years ago we didn't have this so you
know to have this in Juneau just put us
out there is a great thing I mean what
do you how do you feel about this
because you're part of it
absolutely I think this is a movement
and it's wonderful like we get to
express us and we don't have to slim
down and be a stick size you know we can
have our curves come in all different
shades and sizes and still be looked at
in the world as beautiful women so I
embrace that I mean I love that they
have this now to give us that shine and
recognition that we deserve right I
agree I agree now there are a lot of
people like I asked models you know if
their goals are to you know make it as a
model or you know even a makeup artist
what how would you tell them
you know a lot of people have dreamed
dreams and aspirations how would you
tell them you know let us know because
you know you're you're a great MUA and
you know just tell us how we can get
there - you know if we're interested how
did you do it honestly it's a lot of
work it's not easy and I just say
networking is the biggest key if this is
something that you want to do find out
who the local photographers are the
local models and makeup artists in your
area and and try to get with them try to
see if you can you know as a far as a
makeup artist try to see if you can
offer a free work just to get some
hands-on experience and let people know
who you are and and build your name
right and just do a lot of homework I
just feel like there's there's so many
different institutions and workshops
that offer makeup get yourself in one of
those classes and that's the first step
then build a portfolio and then start
networking love John makeup ready pass
we're Suleiman Hassan Lazarus Jon
batiste and Sarah Dean all right let's
do
okay let me join you at least three of
these makeup artists and all of them are
awesome so let's see me back the award
okay so before we let you go I want you
to tell everybody what's publications
you you've gotta make affordable you've
done making because so many of us though
unnoticed that we do such great work
hi it's your girl Shaniqua I'm here with
Jen again congratulations you won as you
can see she won an award congratulations
best mu a makeup artist how do you feel
tonight I feel so blessed I mean two
years in a row I I just feel so honored
I mean that means that you know what
you're doing you're just doing really
well and just keep doing it and you're
you're amazing your work is great and is
there anything else you want to say I
mean I'm inspired now I feel like I can
do makeup now I just want to say really
fast I want to thank God and my family
and friends that supported me the love
of my life Steve and everybody who who
wants this you can do this too just you
got to work at it get your networking on
and stay grinding and it will happen
thank you that's love now please give
butterfly models a shout-out one more
time this is your girl loves your makeup
Jennifer variola and I would like to
shout out butterfly model
you